PROJECT: radiojingles.com

TASK:
Update the hero section copy to strengthen Radio Jingles’ positioning as the long-established original jingle production team, while keeping the tone positive, professional and human.

GOAL:
Make it clear that Radio Jingles has been creating radio commercials and jingles since 1996 using real human voices, real singers and real producers — without sounding negative or directly mentioning competitors.

CHANGES REQUIRED:

1. KEEP the existing main H1:
Professional Radio Commercials
& Jingles Since 1996

2. KEEP the existing supporting paragraph, or refine lightly if needed:
From our Torquay studios, we produce voiced ads, jingles and station idents heard across UK radio.

3. ADD a new authority/positioning line directly underneath the supporting paragraph:
The original UK radio jingle production team — real voices, real singers and real producers.

4. ADD a small credibility line underneath the CTA buttons:
Trusted by UK radio stations and advertisers for nearly 30 years.

5. STYLE NOTES:
- The new authority line should stand out slightly, but still feel classy and premium
- Use the existing blue accent colour for emphasis if appropriate
- Keep the text centred
- Do not make the hero too crowded
- Keep all spacing balanced on desktop and mobile

SUGGESTED HTML STRUCTURE:
- Keep the current H1
- Keep the current paragraph
- Add a new paragraph with a class like .hero-authority-line
- Add a new small text line under the CTA buttons with a class like .hero-credibility-line

SUGGESTED CSS:
.hero-authority-line {
  margin-top: 18px;
  font-size: 1.1rem;
  line-height: 1.6;
  font-weight: 600;
  color: #8fb7ff;
}

.hero-credibility-line {
  margin-top: 18px;
  font-size: 0.95rem;
  line-height: 1.5;
  color: rgba(255,255,255,0.78);
}

@media (max-width: 768px) {
  .hero-authority-line {
    font-size: 1rem;
  }

  .hero-credibility-line {
    font-size: 0.9rem;
  }
}

IMPORTANT:
- Do not redesign the hero section
- Do not change the buttons unless spacing needs slight adjustment
- Keep the tone professional, friendly and confident
- Do not mention AI in an aggressive or defensive way